# Personal-Non-Secretive-Data-Science-and-Analytics-Work

Hello!

I am Khairi Wiryawan and throughout my academic and professional life, I have worked on several non secretive project as I will mention on bulletpoints below:

- Customer classification.ipynb was an assignment at computational intelligence course during my fifth semester at ITS. In general, the dataset was customers of an imaginary shopping malls and the code was created to acknowledge different kinds of customer using unsupervised K-Means clustering method.
- Fraud analytics and detection.ipynb was a fun task that I did in the past during my free time on summer holiday. I utilised the data from kaggle about set of transaction history of imaginary bank's credit card customers. I analysed the data and work on the ML modelling using various methods such as ligistic regression and Decision trees
- Property price prediction.ipynb was a non secretive task during my apprentice at Zenius Education. Here I was given a data set of houses with its specifications and prices. I managed to analyse and conduct a study comparison between machine learning methods such as Linear Regression, Polynomial Regression, Decision Tree Regression, and Random Forest Regression


However, I have another work in the scope of data that combined with the domain of software development by creating an analytics website in which the data is generated by scraping and crawling from other sources.
- Cermat (https://projecttugasakhir.pythonanywhere.com/) was my bachelor's thesis project which I created a website that the data inside are derived from the activity of data scraping and preprocessing from other sources. Besides that, the web application that I constructed utilised the data to give certain recommendations to students by setting up a recommendation machine that I quantitatively crafted in the backend of the web application. The system I cannot disclose, but you may free to visit my website using the link that I attached earlier.
